yeah got a new fish here cutting yeah
cut end slang
I always wear Apple earphones going to
the gym going to college walking around
taking the bush obviously Apple
earphones are convenient you get them
with the iPhone there's a number of
problems number one they get all tangled
all the time so every day I'm having to
wait several occasions where I have to
untying all the year phones and number
two from walking around the place and I
have to pause the phone or have to pause
what I'm listening to it slow me down
was a bit of a hassle and maybe almost
not want to listen to music as much
which is not something that I want to do
and the thing is I don't have a shedload
of money to spend on headphones if I
want to spend 3 and 0 on beats I
wouldn't be doing this review so the
cost effective way of me getting
headphones and also the swing is
squeaking a lot so I bought these bad
boys the Sony blob of all of us other
than what they're called either way
we're going to break down how this
headphone performs in six different
categories
starting with Sam quality give these
headphones I think that the quality of
the 10 for the price point is very good
to probably give seven and a half of the
10 there's certain things that I would
Falls with its own one there's basically
no audio consolation so when you're
going around the streets here in the gym
you can't hear what's going on around
you that's a good and abiding it may be
bad if you want to get into the zone but
it's a good thing for me when I'm going
around on my skateboard I know that at
least I can hear you know the traffic
and if people say anything I tested out
these headphones in every aspect of my
life that I think I'm going to use them
so I use it in the gym run around on my
tan avoid walking around and on the
train and one of the things if you look
up reviews of this on Amazon one-star
reviews some of the comments related to
the volume on it not being quite on
personally I've found that the volume is
just about high enough to be acceptable
when you're at home it's fine when I'm
in the gym it's fine when I'm on the
plane it was slightly below apart but in
90% of the situations that I was in I
found that the volume was good enough
for me there isn't a lot of bass in
these headphones oh I'm all about
they nod a bit now jealous boss you
can't pay 20 or 30 euro extra to buy
another pair of headphones which are
literally called Sony extra bass overall
I give the count 7 out of 10
so this is what they look like I chose
the black ones you can get different
colors they're made of a plastic field
and they have this adjustable headband
so you can fit it to the size of your
head so say this for me for Simone
except so small there
make it slightly bigger basically adjust
accordingly when you have a hat on you
definitely don't feel the strap at the
top Pro take my hat off I'm still not
feeling good the head strap that much
just couple of complaints that I was on
saying that people are like oh the head
strap hurts like I put a hair on top of
me unless you're a bald guy you don't
think it's really going to hurt you okay
you wear them like this
and then if you're storing them you can
just rotate the percent of what you call
these the air more clues I gotta say
your muscle air much they can take
bitch whatever you want balls
inside like that and then for the push
it together and that's basically as
small as it get high generally when I'm
storing these I just stick them into the
front pocket of my backpack one of the
big things for me was do they flip
particularly when you're working eggs
and so I test these headphones and fly
fit as well as bodyweight workouts that
I was doing in Spain when I was inside
fit I rarely scented they fell off when
I got real sweaty towards the end of the
workout they did fall off a little bit
but not so much stuff I'd want to stick
them around my neck and put them back in
my bag laughter I'm the best eight out
of ten on the sweat down and it's
slipping off of it when I was in Spain
however I got a lot more sweaty but also
I was doing more circuit orientated
workout stuff that was to do it like
jumping jacks and running up and down
and stuff and I definitely say towards
the end of those the headphones do
circus lip balm so if you were doing
anything gym related and it's all just
you know machines squats deadlifts and
stuff they're obviously fine but if
you're doing things like circuits or
whatever or stuffed a bunch of
that's Daniel up and down and all over
the place then these may not be for you
overall I probably get the comforts on
these
seven and a half eight out of ten - I
think see these guys are made of plastic
the question is as a flimsy with a break
and from my experience obviously as you
can see they're not broken some people
on Amazon have said that it's easy to
scratches
I haven't scratched it today and open
sort of throwing it in and out of my
backpack
so yeah build quality overall I'm
probably going to give this a seven edit
at what this one looks like on my hand
I'm afraid you headphones are sort of
funky in some ways when you think about
it like they're big things they're not
like earphones it's a little bit more
minimalist and when I was looking around
the gym I saw the notice anyone who was
wearing headphones like they are so the
big and clunky on your head and they
don't look unbelievably minimalist and
but I guess it's the whole idea of them
like they're slightly big I like the
color of these personally I sort of like
the design of Beats or something better
but also that 300 euros so you have to
keep that in mind
yeah overall width had a look I probably
did some seven and a half of the ten it
got in North thing yeah so one of the
big pros or one of the big reasons why I
bought is is because these headphones
are wireless in terms of connecting to
your phone I find it's pretty easy all
you do is to turn on Bluetooth on your
iPhone or Android the voice to voice
device you turn on the headphones you
just press that button down there and
then down so hook up and you can
immediately start listening to stuff I
generally I'm listening to other
podcasts on iTunes
my Spotify playlist I had to do a number
of tests so I tried this and slice it
right I wanted to see it's supposed to
be you can hear it from 10 meters away
so I think my phone in the locker and I
walked 10 meters away and it did work
that in and I mean I think there's been
a couple issues when sometimes I'll have
it in my pocket and stand welcome out
perfect in my gullet
a little - I think that's mainly due to
sometimes human contact with the phone
and your Bluetooth device can cause
problems but I haven't had any major
issues the other question I had about
the Bluetooth thing is how much does it
affect my phone battery so I did a
number of tests going to do work out
these headphones my phone battery is at
100% is the first test to see how much
your batteries drain I was quite a short
workout already half an hour long I
understand 11% that's pretty good I'm
going to do the exact same working
tomorrow I compared it because have my
earphones in same workout book instead
of wearing the headphone we're going to
be wearing these earphones music sighted
it's 11:46 okay so that was 35 minutes
and the battery is sense 57 buttery with
then twice as much for the Bluetooth
Tesla said interesting but either way
they're not going to go down that much
one thing doesn't change let's go on
into the tour but overall I love the
fact that the wireless headphones for me
make everything more fluid even simple
stuff like when I'm going into the gym
after listening to something from being
on the skateboard
I can take my headphones off put them on
the bench press pause get changed and
then just put them straight back on
instead of them to unplug my phone so I
can do a bunch of stuff it reduces half
are three important smooth so when it
comes to the Bluetooth and wireless
aspect of it I'll probably give it a 9
out of 10 my friends are back home so
I'm going to put the pros and cons up on
the screen right now overall I think
you've got a way of these options I
personally think they're a great buy for
the price point which is the eternal
question the price of these headphones
is 68 pounds or 76 euro
so if you're to contrast out with
something like a pair of Beats or bows
pair of headphones which are premium
headphones you're going to get all the
bells and whistles you're going to get
audio consolation sit snugly around your
ears they look really cool you've got a
good branding on it as well you're
talking upwards of 300 0 so for
literally a fifth of that price you're
able to get a headphone that is able to
achieve probably 75% of what those
headphones can do so if you guys want to
buy this headphone I'm going to leave
the Amazon link in the description no
this is not sponsored or than that I'm
going to be coming up with a couple more
reviews of next couple weeks hope you
guys enjoyed Spanish vlogs next week as
well I'm out 5x I'll see you soon
peaceful page with my own we might turn
up for weeks to close finally got a
little cash when we regional hope we get
ugly and Kelly girl